# Double-Latch-buffer-Gate-in-a-coil-use-to-transfer-physical-buffer-of-material-within-coil-structure
Material within a conductive coil can be entered into a buffer by creating a double latch gate by manipulating the coil. Creating two double latch gates in a series will allow transfer of physical matter from the first buffer to the second buffer. Large coils can be built like tunnels or delivery tubes to feed physical objects from one side, and retrieve physical objects from the opposite side. In physics and chemistry, it is known that a physical change to a substance does not create a chemical change. Creating a physical break in a crystal lattice structure will leave chemical bonds between both parts. Physical breakage of a conductive metal such as aluminum will leave two parts which have been physically broken but retain all chemical bonds between both parts which existed before the structure was broken. In a conductive lattice structure, electrons and signals will continue to transfer between fragments. A coil with two double latch gates in series, which is physically broken between the series, will retain the ability to transfer buffers between the series. The first buffer is transfered via chemical signalling between the two segments. One end of the severed coil can be shipped to remote locations to deliver personell, deliverables, fuel, electricity, etc. The remote transfer gates work as escape hatches on submarines, aircraft, space missions, etc. Power from wind and hydro can be transferred to vessels and batteries to replace nuclear power, tritium, and Pycnogonida.
